# AvailityBackendHomeworkAssn

1. Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.  It can also be a personal or school project.  

My proudest achievement is perservering through and getting my bachelors degree in computer science. I decided to pursue computer science in my sophomore year of college after being at a crossroads of what I wanted to major in and I chose computer science at the reccomendation of my cousin. Since this was my first time I was ever exposed to computer science and coding, I was far behind the rest of my colleagues in knowledge and credits. It was a major struggle for me at first as I was putting in many extra hours teaching myself the fundamentals of java and many other concepts. Also because computer science was such a credit intensive major and I started to pursue it in my sophomore year of college, I was taking many extra credits during the semester and even during the summer in order to catch up. In the end, I was able to graduate on time with a Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science. The degree is much more than a piece of paper to me. It is a symbol of my struggles and perserverance in becoming who I am today.

2. Tell me about something you have read recently that you would recommend and why. (Can be a Github Repo, Article, Blog, Book, etc) 

Recently I have read a book called "I Will Teach You To Be Rich" by Ramit Sehti. From the title, one might assume it's a book about quick and easy ways to make money. However, the books focus is teaching you how to manage your money in a smart and effective way. It has strategies on investing for retirement, budgeting, automating your finances, etc. This book was especially helpful for me because I grew up in a first generation immigrant family. I was not taught the important financial fundamentals such as investing in your 401k for retirement or sticking to a budget that would not only save me money but also allow me to keep doing the things I love and have a fulfilling life. Overall, it's one of the most useful and practical books I have ever read and I would definitely reccomend it to everyone.

3. How would you explain to your grandmother what Availity does?

Availity develops software that allows healthcare providers to easily access different information about their patients. It gives them an easy and organized platform to access patient records, payments, claims, and any other document that health care workers need to provide the best and fastest care to their patients. It also allows new patients to register with a provider. Overall, it is an amazing service that streamlines health service in the digital age.
